Online Electrical Product Management System

Objective: To design a service-oriented website for the maintenance of electric products where customers can make complaints/requests online and get to know the information/policy of the company.

Technology Stack:

Frontend: HTML, CSS, JavaScript
Backend: PHP
Database: MySQL
Web Server: XAMPP Server - XAMPP (Apache)
Drawing Tool: Draw.io Graph Editor
Minimum Hardware Requirements:

Processor: 1.6 GHz or faster processor
RAM: 1.5 GB
Disk Space: 4 GB of available hard disk
Graphic: DirectX 9-Capable Video Card
Display: 1024 X 768 or Higher Resolution


Modules with their Description:
Home:
Display the other modules and pages of the website, such as Services, Registration, Login, Contact, and Admin Login.
Used to display the brief introduction of the project, customer reviews, and navigation details.

Services:
Describe the services provided by OEPMS to its customers.

Registration:
Provides a registration form where users/requesters can register themselves and submit service requests.
Account creation is done by filling the registration form with user details such as name, phone, email, etc.

Contact:
Provides support to customers.

Login:
Has a username and password through which users can login & submit their requests.
If the username and password are correct, users will be directed to the next page.

User Panel:
Profile: Users can see their registered email id and name, and update their name if they wish to change it. Registered Email ID is read-only so it can't be altered.
Submit Request: Users can submit service requests by filling up all the details asked in the form. After submitting the form, the user will get a receipt which they can print.
Service Status: Users can check their request status by filling up the service request id.
Change Password: Users can change their logging password.
Logout: Users can logout and exit the application.

Admin Panel:
Admin panel login form where admin can enter their email id and password for logging into the Admin panel.
Dashboard: Displays an overview of the work and other stuffs like the number of technicians and the list of requesters.
Work Order: Contains all the assigned requests made by users. Admin can view or delete the assigned work as per their need.
Sell Report: Used to view and print sell reports of Assets.

Requester: The main work to accomplish in this module is to add, modify or remove Requester/User. This contains a few sub-modules:
New: Used to add new requester details in the service create database.
Edit: Used to modify existing details of the requester.
Remove: Used to remove requesters from the service center.
Change Password: Users can change their login password.
Logout: Users can logout and exit the application.

Technician:
The main work to accomplish in this module is to add, modify or remove Technicians from the service center.
